feat: Initial Commit - Implement Changes (#1)
Xealth/cherry-pick-action: README.md

  <a href="https://github.com/actions/typescript-action/actions"><img alt="typescript-action status" src="https://github.com/actions/typescript-action/workflows/build-test/badge.svg"></a>
</p>

## Fork/Modified from this action: [cherry-pick-action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/github-cherry-pick-action)

# Xealth Auto Cherry Picker

This action is designed to be used for cherry-pick commits from pull requests into release branches.

This action will:

- Checkout triggered action.
- Create new branch name `cherry-pick-${GITHUB_SHA}` from `branch` input.
- Cherry-picking `${GITHUB_SHA}` into created `branch`
- Push new `branch` to remote
- Open pull request to `branch`

## Usage

Simply add a `CP v(release branch)` label to your PR, and after merge to master: Github will open a cherry-pick label for you!

An Example:
 - Open a pull request for main on this repo: https://github.com/arivera-xealth/sample-repo
 - Add the label `CP v1.0.0`
 - On merge to `main`, a PR will be opened under the `cherry-pick` label
 - That's it!

> You can see it in action here: https://github.com/arivera-xealth/sample-repo/pull/15

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

----

## Differences from [cherry-pick-action](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/github-cherry-pick-action)

> - The code has been reviewed and pulled into another repo for security reasons. 

Reviewer: Omit? Just list differences.

Author: Yes, redoing the documentation as it is.

- In the other action, a user must specify the branch in the `workflow`, our modifications allow for users to input their own branches via **labels**

> - All new changes from the original repository are under the `test` folder

Reviewer: Omit?

```

> Mor informatoin can be found in the [GitHub Blog](https://github.blog/2020-08-03-github-actions-improvements-for-fork-and-pull-request-workflows/#improvements-for-public-repository-forks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More information can be found in the [GitHub Blog](https://github.blog/2020-08-03-github-actions-improvements-for-fork-and-pull-request-workflows/#improvements-for-public-repository-forks)
```
